[BUILDING] Design Contributino Game (#611)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md

Also there was a [contribution game](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/2631) where any reviewer who provided a thorough report and notified the developers of bugs was eligible for a bounty of in total `0.3 bitcoin`.

The total bounty ended up being distributed to 6 contributors, see the full results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/2631#issuecomment-565746074).

## Merchandise design

> In order find a beautiful design for Wasabi t-shirts, hoodies and stickers, there was a contribution game for any artist who created them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to find a beautiful design for Wasabi t-shirts, hoodies and stickers, there was a [contribution game for any artist](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/Meta/issues/76) who created them.
```

The art should reflect privacy in general, Bitcoin and Wasabi specifically.
There was a total bounty of up to 0.1 bitcoin.

> See the results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/Meta/issues/76).

Reviewer: This link should be changed later.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Also there was a [contribution game](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/2631) where any reviewer who provided a thorough report and notified the developers of bugs was eligible for a bounty of in total `0.3 bitcoin`.

The total bounty ended up being distributed to 6 contributors, see the full results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/2631#issuecomment-565746074).

## Merchandise design

> In order to find a beautiful design for Wasabi t-shirts, hoodies and stickers, there was a [contribution game for any artist](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/Meta/issues/76) who created them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to find a beautiful design for Wasabi t-shirts, hoodies and stickers, there was a [contribution game for artists](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/Meta/issues/76).
```

> The art should reflect privacy in general, Bitcoin and Wasabi specifically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The art reflect privacy in general, Bitcoin and Wasabi specifically.
```

Author: Your suggestion doesn't make sense... why remove the `should`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subject was about privacy in general, Bitcoin and Wasabi specifically.
```
